# Software Center 

They maintain the list of supported software for our company.

We are building them an API.

## Vendors

We have arrangements with vendors. Each vendor has:

- And ID we assign
- A Name
- A Website URL
- A Point of Contact
  - Name
  - Email
  - Phone Number

Vendors have a set of software they provide that we support.

## Catalog Items

Catalog items are instances of software a vendor provides.

A catalog item has:
- An ID we assign
- A vendor the item is associated with
- The name of the software item
- A description
- A version number (we prefer SEMVER, but not all vendors use it)


```http
POST /vendors/{id:guid}/catalog-items
Content-Type: application/json

{

  "name": "Visual Studio Code",
  "description": "Editor etc.",
  "version": "1.103.1"
}
```

Success Result:

```http
200 Ok
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "guid generated by server",
  "vendorId": "????",
  "name": "Visual Studio Code",
  "description": "Editor etc.",
  "version": "1.103.1"
}
```

Missing stuff on the request - like name, description, etc. - 400
Vendor Id: has to be in the "form" of a Guid, and...... it could be for a vendor we don't currently support.

```400 Bad Request

 "hey, that vendor doesn't exist"
```



Note - One catalog item may have several versions. Each is it's own item.

## Use Cases

The Software Center needs a way for managers to add vendors. Normal members of the team cannot add vendors.
Software Center team members may add catalog items to a vendor.
Software Center team members may add versions of catalog items.
Software Center may deprecate a catalog items. (effectively retiring them, so they don't show up on the catalog)

Any employee in the company can use our API to get a full list of the software catalog we currently support.


### A Bit of Design

#### Allowing a software center manager to add vendors

1. What is the resource?
2. What method?
3. What data are we sending it? (Representation)


```http
POST http://localhost:1337/vendors 
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "Microsoft",
  "url": "https://microsoft.com",
  "contact": {
    "name": "Satya",
    "email": "Satya@microsoft.com",
    "phone": "888 555-1212"
  }
}
```


```http
GET /vendors/839839893

200 Ok

{
  "id" "839839893",
  "name": "Microsoft",
  "url": "https://microsoft.com",
  "contact": {
    "name": "Satya",
    "email": "Satya@microsoft.com",
    "phone": "888 555-1212"
  },
  "createdBy": "Steve",
  "createdOn": "today"
}
```
```
PUT /vendors/839839893/contact

{
    "name": "Satya",
    "email": "Satya@microsoft.com",
    "phone": "888 323-3233"
}
```

GET /vendors/839839893/contact

#### Allowing any member of the the software center to add a catalog item for a vendor

#### Allowing any employee to get a list of currently supported software.


"Subordinate Resources"

GET /employees/bob-smith
Authorization: anyone 

{
  "id": "bob-smith",
  "name": "Bob Smith",
  "department": "DEV",
  "phone": "555-1212"
}


GET /employees/bob-smith/building
Authorization: employee, manager
Cache-Control: public, max-age: 36000

{
  "location": "Woods"
}


GET /employees/bob-smith/salary

{
  "current": 120000
}